docs(35/migrations) add portal templates breaking changes (#1279)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.35-x/deployment/migrations.md

'/portal/developers/*/password' => '/developers/*/password'
'/portal/invite'                => '/developers/invite'
```

> * As a result of the switch to serverside rendering, a few portal template files need to be updated or replaced to regain full functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a result of the switch to server-side rendering, a few portal template files need to be updated or replaced to regain full functionality:
```

    1. Replace contents of partial `spec/index-vue` with:

>     https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/kong-portal-templates/master/themes/default-ie11/partials/spec/index-vue.hbs

Reviewer 2: do you want these to be links to the file? or are you intending for people to copy/paste this into a command?

Reviewer 2: @Jlawlzz

Author: @levfishbluefish These should be links to the file

>     [](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/kong-portal-templates/master/themes/default-ie11/partials/spec/index-vue.hbs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/kong-portal-templates/master/themes/default-ie11/partials/spec/index-vue.hbs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/kong-portal-templates/master/themes/default-ie11/partials/spec/index-vue.hbs)
```
